By the way remember this exercise that we did where we pretended to have a picture that was stored on
our computer and we had to create this script to read through our data and add a space or a blank.
If there is a zero and if there's a want to add a star which gave us a little Christmas tree and although
we've been using the ripple up until now at the end of the day all Python code whether you're writing
Python for games whether you're writing Python for scripts to read your Excel spreadsheets or maybe
you're using Python to do some machine learning at the end of the day.
All we're doing is well we're writing a program and then this program gets run by a machine something
like this here I have a one dot pi file that I've just created and then here as you can see we have
our script that we had in our rebel.
But I've just created it on my computer.
It's one dot Pi I can name it whatever I want and usually a way a program runs again.
Any type of Python program any type of programming language we can use something like our terminal.
If you're on a Mac you can use the terminal or if you have a Linux based machine you can use a terminal
as well or if you're on a Windows computer using the command prompt or the power shell.
So that here if I wanted to run the wand pi file I make sure that my present working directory is where
my file exists which is on my desktop.
Remember that on Windows you'd say directory or desire to find out what you're present working directory
is once you're in the same directory remember if you're not you can see these in two different locations
to get to where the file is and then we run the file by saying python in our case 3 again based on whatever
interpreter you want to use and just say one dot by and there you go.
Our graphical user interface of displaying the tree is working and although this is a simple example
that's all code is code is being run by a machine like this.
We just say hey run this python file or multiple files through the Python interpreter and the machine
is going to do something.
We created a Christmas tree generator.
So that's what the machine does.
But the machine can do anything.
It can build games and run games.
It can do machine learning models.
It can do visuals.
It can simply send emails to your friends.
The possibilities are endless.
And it will explore those topics in our projects coming up.
And of course.